Adding enterprise namespace info to docs (#11)
1Password/vault-plugin-secrets-onepassword: README.md

}
```

## **Vault Enterprise Namespaces**
The 1Password Secrets Backend supports the use of Vault Enterprise Namespaces. If you are using a namespaced Vault, please note that the The 1Password Secrets Backend must be enabled for each namespace that you would like to utilize this plugin.

Enabling the plugin for a namespace can be done with the following command:
```
vault secrets enable -namespace=<namespace> op
```

> In addition to enabling the plugin for each namespace, the plugin requires configuration in each namespace. Please refer to the [Plugin Configuration section](#plugin-configuration) for example configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin also requires configuration in each namespace. Please refer to the [Plugin Configuration section](#plugin-configuration) for example configuration. 
```
